# Hot-Potato-Game
The game is called hot potato, in which there are some number of players who quickly toss a potato from one player to another until, at a random point, the game ends and the player holding the potato is “it”. The object is to not be the one holding the potato at the end of the game. In this assignment, you will create a ring of “player” processes that will pass the potato around. Thus, each player process has a left neighbor and a right neighbor. Also, there will be a “ringmaster” process that will start each game, report the results, and shut down the game.

To begin, the ringmaster creates a “potato” object, initialized with some number of hops and sends the potato to a randomly selected player. Each time a player receives the potato, it will decrement the number of hops and append the player’s ID to the potato. If the remaining number of hops is greater than zero, the player will randomly select a neighbor and send the potato to that neighbor. The game ends when the hop counter reaches zero. The player holding the potato sends it to the ringmaster, indicating the end of the game. The ringmaster prints a trace of the game to the screen (using the player identities that are appended to the potato), and shuts the game down (by sending a message to each player to indicate they may shut down as the game is over).

Each player will establish three network socket connections for communication with the player to the left, the player to the right, the ringmaster. The potato can arrive on any of these three channels. Commands and important information may also be received from the ringmaster. The ringmaster will have N network socket connections. At the end of the game, the ringmaster will receive the potato from the player who is “it”.

What the project will do is to create one ringmaster process and some number of player processes, then play a game and terminate all the processes gracefully. 
